What's wrong, Mr. Gu?
What is Lin Ziang talking about?
He just had a high fever
The situation is not optimistic
What do you say?
Just been admitted to the emergency room
The doctor hasn't come out yet
I know, I'll contact you later.
Do you want something to happen?
What emergency room?
I just heard the doctor call you
Is it nothing?
He said what happened to Zi Ang
I said it's nothing
Did something happen to Zi Ang?
You tell me if something happened to Zi Ang
Say what?
What do you want?
If you don't tell me, I'll kill you now.
Put the knife down
Are you crazy?
crazy
Right
I'm crazy.
Because of you, all because of you
Because you're temporarily bankrupt
My dad passed away because of you
Choose my only brother
Something might have happened to my only brother.
Why are you torturing me like this?
I'll tell you what.
My whole life
next life
I will never forgive you in the next life
Hate me why hate me
Miss Li cannot enter this room
Why? I don't know.
It's not rich enough.
No one can get in without insufficient permission
I'm not going in